ce: rb5: fix some typos (#931)
96boards/documentation: consumer/dragonboard/qualcomm-robotics-rb5/installation/board-recovery.md

---
title: Qualcomm RB5 Board Recovery
permalink: /documentation/consumer/dragonboard/qualcomm-robotics-rb5/installation/board-recovery.md.html
---

# Qualcomm RB5 Board Recovery

> This page outlines steps needed to recover your Qualcomm RB5 board from a bricked software state. This instruction set is suggested to those who are experiences boot issues due to a corrution in the file system and/or other software components.

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
This page outlines steps needed to recover your Qualcomm RB5 board from a bricked software state. This instruction set is suggested to those who are experiencing boot issues due to a corruption in the file system and/or other software components.
```

Author: thanks for the review! I fixed them (and also in db845c which was initially copied here!)
